the muscular pain in the back of my eyes and around seventeen o'clock I took a
chloroquine tablet is a right of mine duly guided by the doctor
I recommend that you do the same thing if you want if you feel symptoms right
always guided by the doctor right after I took the exam and at around 6 pm Monday
Tuesday morning on Tuesday I took another pill from joaquina soon
then confirmation came that I was contaminating on Tuesday 17th I
I took one more pill and from then on the consecutive days until today
Thursday at 5 pm also make a tablet tomorrow I worked one more and
made it very clear that you will testify is mine as dr kalil spoke in
sao paulo when on the beach i think that about two months he went
affected person took it during his treatment
even behind it weak and I took it and everything worked out very well thanks to god right
and that critic, right, at least present an alternative, it doesn’t work is that the
curtain you have to take in seeing medicine or else the anitta that the other
well that is widely commented out there that they are effective in the treatment of
coronavirus in my case it worked ok i'm not not seeing anything with this i'm
advertising the two chains I have no business with this
company I don’t even know which company this one is, but ok, two more one or two
companies that are in yours that manufacture this medicine here so what I
I can talk about my testimony, we know that none of these remedies here
in quotes has scientific proof but as for example behind the war
ally of the plant patient the soldier arrived wounded healthy
I needed a transfusion I didn't have blood to transfuse him what
that they did at that time to start injecting, there was no way it was coconut in the
vein of the soldier there who had lost a lot of blood and it worked out if it was for
in scientific confirmation how long at that time is the same thing we have
reports of hundreds of meters in brazil and hundreds special
is only if treated with it and it worked so who doesn't want to take care that
do not sleep now do not stay there wanting to prohibit people who happen to be here
she takes it once contaminated, right and after a medical recommendation I
I do ah and it also makes it clear, right back there, I'm
now seeing articles in the press until finally
start showing things here hunger can kill more than the invitation your name
I used to say that back in March, I was beaten a lot in the media, the company is there
you that we watching there bro his look if you know with a couple did a
word of mine to headline the morning press being broken too much into
me in the past when I said that the side effect of fighting the virus does not
can be more damaging than the virus itself than the issue of the destruction of
jobs we have had over these three four months in Brazil one
fantastic destruction of jobs in Brazil and other causes, you know, and this one
issues unemployment leads to death so and leads to depression leads to suicide like
I had little now in the city of minas Paracatu, I had no less here in
the araguari road police station and talked to some policemen
federal road workers right and they saw there was that the number of pedestrians being run over
on the track had multiplied by three approximately I asked what can
have been run over multiply by three pandemics ef present for what
everything seems to be proven on the road, but this is the cause of this is suicide or
be desperate people right what’s happening and practice suicide
unfortunately it's not proven to be given to you, right, the policeman who spoke to me
said it is an assumption on his part, it could have been is suicide
good then from the beginning I said we should take care of life like that and also of
unemployment issue and I was to get paid because of that the government
federal court did its part, right, since the supreme federal court said
clearly in peace that restrictive measures were a competence is
exclusive of governors and mayors our president eats what gives means right
resources for gifts and for governors the intention of mayor and
governor back there she avoided a very rapid transition of the virus and so
that there was an accumulation of contaminated people is at the door of hospitals
their intention was right it was wrong you decide I will not give my opinion
in terms of leaving, I would act differently, look, I couldn’t comment on
these issues can even companies roll over state debt to not
proof ah ah no no charging interest for a
time of what is in the municipality of saw for us right the distribution of material
so that someone will have to research it better and come to a conclusion
because people are really dying at the bakery, right?
glasses the same way the year goes by so that's it the researchers
knowledgeable people there is research so now something is a reality the virus
the one who has to protect is the elderly, my case, 65 years of age and people
who has certain diseases as a skill, has no immune system
still resistant ok the others must be careful yes but if i find a virus no
you have to panic a lot but a lot of people against the virus and you know
find me later as he did a test up front and saw that he had a body
didn't even know he had a good virus so my lord my lady saw the
concern about employment exists is great so start press say here
that hunger can kill more than invitations in just starvation is not depression
stick to the place of that head of household who takes for example 2 thousand per
month has 23 kilos and lose job and knows that nowadays the difficulty in
get a job but impossible but a day job without taking into account
around 40 million informal in Brazil that guy who sold
cat barbecue right yes or no chocolate a luminous sign a biscuit
on the beach a beat in the stands at the football game and these on average right
lost eighty percent of its power that day but only complicated and that the
government did to meet the needs these created it there you face $ 600
started now erase starts to start paying week fourth installment of aid
emergency and the fifth so next month now the government has no way of maintaining
this assistance for a long time and per month is approximately for you 50
billions of reais we cannot go into debt so much this is not
money that was in the running somewhere is indebtedness on the part of the
government so I hope your governors the mayors right
responsible as they are starts to open the trade as soon as possible with
an answer from her that is peculiar to her everybody and otherwise
and the problems are getting worse and a lot in Brazil and the food you eat doesn't get right
complicated I believe in polo guess has given interviews saying speaking form
positive what economy is going to pick up believe in it we just saw now that the stock market and
reached 100 thousand points is the number that we have exceeded a lot and this year
past and fell with the bed learning it and came back now you know is that number without saw
is money sign sees growth in the economy the confidence the market I hope
that the interest rate works out without the rate so low, right, two points 25 per
cent compared to last year this year we should pay approximately 120
billions of reais this is good for us it helps our economy he owes it
pays less interest, our debt becomes lower, there are signs that
we do need governors and mayors from within the responsible
responsibility that exists begins to open up trade that otherwise the
damaging consequences for everyone in brazil the
and with curiosity decide by video conference today in the ministers of mines
and energy admiral benedict today gave us here a one talked about the schedule
summer how come we didn't have anderson said that when we
we saved approximately one hundred million reais when he said that if we don’t
summer application would spend a lot more to find spending less on mines
general I heard a security voice for it was going to work because usually when
going out to work in the morning it was still dark so security was benefited
and didn’t move you on the right biological clock this decree of ours from last year
and then we based on several projects to increase the city walking in the chamber
in the senate and was led by deputy joão campos de goiás as that person
that most interested right that moment for asus gave no longer exists in the
brazil congratulations joão campos in goiás that worked we now have to talk to your
we don't save time, we save security, right, regarding the time and
also the biological clock wasn’t that it wasn’t changed today I talked to the
head of state saudi arabia paraguay colombia tomorrow and see the chile room
but we continue to do our trade and our international relations there
it is still in full swing it is unfortunately I cannot travel nor can they post it
and some countries have and some countries this year also how will it be to leave
that he was always here the best to warm up connor
in which country but the highways thing this was not possible to happen anymore we are
on video conferencing working in that direction there
if you are sad I am not sorry here I have nothing against right please your show
danilo gentili is accusing me of looking for sbt to get fired and never
look for the press soon not to fire anyone and another me
calls pdf in training people if they have a problem, right I don't know that they have a problem
seems to have usb-c problem and raises elect those responsible for its success
so this one on the street I think my mother’s third poor thing is alive 93
reality of a business like this, right?
the street 88 years of the console revolution is congratulated to the people in são paulo cowboy
and demonstrated there fer in the construction wanted its its its enactment and also
struggled for freedom at that time
it's very early here i'm going to take time here ok there it involves the page cut of
facebook in the world right in brazil left for those who give it to those who are from my
side of here the nice person of mine and it looks like the left was standing there posing
of the moralist of payment of the truth is only curiosity the blog of the world
dubbed measures are already being taken on the arm as well and associating asylum
i'm here amanda evelyn so if someone kills bolsonaro it can be divided the penalty
nor go into details this page as varied as possible from here this is beautiful
here says that that door was knocked down another page here also bolsonaro da
federal capital on the day of the stab adélio bishop was incompetent or distracted
and the door to stay here didn’t suffer at all the way to and assassinate the bolsonaro
with intelligence right called zero from incompetent choose the right size
correctly insert victor teixeira nobody says what place this
leave here nor am i asking to have some almost no one
the other here does not dialogue with a fascist place of peace is in jail me
calling fascist generally think that you call me a starter don't even know the
that is fascist
and this plane from the Bolsonaro of transparent lace, beautiful thing is putting
driving crowded here look
and the Brazilian will only be free when the last shot was hanged in the guts
the last one is fine what happens I'm at home right there’s always television
I'm working straight, don't do the same touch
ask video couple or the other and the wave is now to say that the pages
right the pocket of the bolsonaro family of advisers if you earn public money
for that, it promotes oil, I challenge this company that speaks about its presence in
special television televisions that keep making room for my account in
my account in a hateful text of mine or of those people by my side after a
image a fearful image my facebook my son and point a
image has nothing I try all accusing hatred what what what what I
would have now that you win and now accusing anyone in brazil of
anything there is nothing touching this 00 nothing because this persecution
of course I see that I want to speak the name of this television here, happy with
that right, thinking that destroying in quotes, decreasing the cheese of the media
social and who will believe this television will not believe they have
discreet for a long time no one believes in these lies anymore ok we miss
in Brazil it’s not a right channel, it’s a right channel for points
radio and television programs are good you are reliable are few
existed exists and prestige stress grows in popularity grow
advertisers and they will succeed what they have all the time, you know, work for
overthrow the government to say that we have been producing material today that that
run what is voice material present text right you feel think and in
facebook my instagram whatsapp but even hard to know more about each other
any other social friend is beating the legislature in the judiciary in either
any way it doesn’t exist it’s not unfortunate it’s going on we don’t
we can lose that freedom of the press that elected me president of
republic today I saw a parliamentarian remember it is on the left talking about what
these pages is that facebook was good it has to be rescued and sent by
tse to remove plate bolsonaro mourão what I had to measure at the time
of the elections against the left that told me something about lighter lights o
worth changing the man there is the oil or watched the
monthly fee here on the asphalt is behind those nearly 3 billion or two million
that owes united states to here that money was not the result of corruption
of that left party in the past some and also be the one that had to
lie he ate someone present me a story well the placement of
selection the present here I was able to do it in
running costs expensive I didn't take a dime from the party fund I could
I got it for 10 million reais I didn't get anything, the piece is entitled to that for
on the other hand we made a kitty here until the top 4 I spent two million little
use the rest we want there for holy house judge from outside it was not possible by
legislation returning your party accuse me of abusing economic power the
spreading fake news look here with him in the free electoral time pt
pt not that girl who had the swastika scrawled on her abdomen and then
the expert came to the following conclusion she even did that with her consent
to have being done now the pt put on the side so free bolsonaro
swastika status in the abdomen I don't know what I don't know what I don't know what then
that happens, I try on the rug all the time wanting to drop the plate there
bolsonaro or not or fainting that is the government or wearing out the government but not
presents a proof you want is one thing I
i can here i'm sorry here i have a visit it's working yes just august no
deserves help me help me help me help him saw cabral and that big uses zé
maria excuse me here not being able to interact with you or next week
going to be possible because i think i don't come back yet completely free free
of the virus so the script nobody on my side here that enters nothing better than a
wonderful team and vinícius mateus i think that has never been seen in the history of
Brazil in the media team like this to be able to respond with a lot of ownership and
objectivity still help yours is yours right i hope there tomorrow put a
final point on the issue of the ministry of education big problem has a lot of people
good on the ready side street number when go size of the problem that this elisa
education the person backs down ah ok sometimes even by age
and in the fight quite a big one more truth right we will start to change the
education in Brazil because what was done right until now until the beginning
our mandate did not work out that the proof of step well demonstrates this there what
we all want at the end of the line we have good professionals for the market
of work or to be employed to be a boss or to another your liberal who
we have this and it has to be a person who is here who promotes dialogue
it is not easy, right, it is with all spheres of education, get to know our
our will a person who really conciliatory has several resumes a lot
people have pressure, but love, I can't put people through
indications is by pressure we analyzed the curriculum everybody
talked to five six of them guys the file you have to pay attention
special thing to treat consideration is to say that that conversation there is a
polling is dating is because there are a lot of people who would not have time yet despite
cell phone of what is right and we have difficulty when choosing one is 56
will be passed over in the team upset many times with us I do not expect you
tomorrow is to resolve this issue still in the education ministry that the ministry
quite a lot is important is to consult more often be more until yours has a
symbolism all special education in brazil of god wants and that will get it right
hungry that we owe medicine are you on my facebook there on my
on my on my facebook not on youtube also put it on the young pan I'll
put it here I want to see what the young pan guys at pingo doce
will now talk about this live also news that he also other
more varied for everyone thank you all until Thursday that
come if god wants, then